This file documents problems installing GSL on specific platforms.

All
---

Attempts to run 'strip' on the static library libgsl.a may produce a
broken library (it is known to happen with GNU binutils strip, and
probably affects others too). The libgsl.a ar archive made by libtool
contains files with the same filenames from different directories, and
this causes the strip program to overwrite these archive entries.  If
you need to produce a compact version of the library compile without
-g instead of using strip.

make install-strip does not work, due to a minor problem with autoconf
which is fixed in the 2.5 development version of autoconf.  In the
meantime use make install and then strip /usr/local/bin/gsl-*

IRIX
----

The 32 bit IRIX compiler gives warnings about "long double" not being
supported. These can be ignored or turned off with,

   CCFLAGS="-woff 728" ./configure

or 

   make CCFLAGS="-woff 728"

The compiler also gives warnings about certain libraries that are "not
used for resolving any symbol". This is harmless and the warnings can
be ignored.

You may get warnings about " /usr/bin/ld: arg list too long" when
building shared libraries.  If so, try increasing the ncargs kernel
parameter with the systune(1m) command.

DOS
---

When using DJGPP The default stack size of 512k may be insufficient for
the specfunc tests and will cause them to crash.  To increase the
stack size by a suitable amount use,

  	stubedit test.exe minstack=1536k

on the executable and then rerun it manually.  (5/01: The specfunc
tests have been rewritten to use less stack space now).

PPC
---

F J Frankin <MEP95JFF@sheffield.ac.uk> reported on the gsl-discuss
mailing list that some early versions of GCC-2.95 have a problem with
long argument lists on PPC architecture, and this prevents GSL from
compiling correctly (e.g. the test program in the blas directory gives
a segmentation fault when run).  This problem is fixed in recent
versions of GCC.  GSL now includes an autoconf test which detects the
problem.

OpenBSD
-------

As of July 2001 the OpenBSD log1p() function on i386 causes failures
in the gsl complex tests.  The configure script has been hardcoded to
substitute gsl_log1p instead on OpenBSD.  The log1p() bug has been
reported and so may be fixed in future versions of OpenBSD.

MacOS X
-------

There are problems with dynamic linker, so the library should be
compiled with

  ./configure --disable-shared
